Hello
and welcome back to English from the
ground up. My name is Kenzo and in this
video you will acquire English naturally
by watching, listening and following
along as I play Minecraft hardcore.
So far in this series we've survived 65
days.
Let's go outside. I have something to
show you.
Open.
First of all, I planted some bamboo on
the roof of the barn
and I bred some more animals. I bred
more chickens
and a bunch more yellow sheep. I needed
a lot of yellow wool
for
this,
the supporter wall.
I built this during my last live stream.
I'm going to be live streaming on this
channel each week and each week I'll
build something new like this supporter
wall.
Let's go over to the wall. On this wall
I'm going to say thank you to my
supporters on Ko-fi.
I'm going to write the names of my
supporters on this wall using signs.
Ooh, I need some ladders. Let's go back
home and pick up some ladders real
quick. l a d d e r
a ladder
Let's build 12 ladders.
Oh, the sun's going down.
Let's sleep. All right.
Day 66. I got my ladders. I'm going to
go up to the top of my wall and I'm
going to write the first names. Let's
place some ladders.
Ladders.
Okay, and let's
crouch.
I'm crouching.
Now let's get our sign and I'm going to
place the sign. Uh-oh.
I'm going to get some dirt.
And I'll place some dirt right here.
Now let's climb up.
Okay.
Big thank you to these supporters. You
are the first supporters on my
supporter wall.
The bamboo is growing.
Let's go inside.
I did a poll on my channel about what I
should name this happy ghast. Let's look
at the results. It looks like Dementor
and Egbert both got the most thumbs up.
So, I'm going to choose Dementor because
Egbert is obviously a chicken. Minecraft
has just been updated and now you can
craft name tags. N A M E T A G name tag.
To craft a name tag, you need one paper
and one golden nugget. That's easy.
Let's craft some name tags. We don't
have any golden nuggets, so let's get
this raw gold and let's smelt it.
There we go. That's smelting. Now let's
get some paper.
I don't have any paper either.
All right.
Let's go get some sugar cane.
Sugar cane.
Let's pick up all this sugar cane and
I'm going to plant some more.
All right. Now let's build some paper.
Paper.
Here we go.
We made 18 pieces of paper. Now let's
get our gold ingots
and
let's turn these gold ingots into gold
nuggets.
Gold nuggets.
There we go. I made nine gold nuggets.
So now with one gold nugget and one
paper, we can craft name tags. Let's
craft one name tag. Now we have our name
tag, but in order to write
Dementor on this name tag, we need an
anvil.
And
look at our resources.
We're running out of resources. I only
have four diamonds left. I only have
three iron ingots.
I need to find more resources.
So, I'm going to put my stuff away and
then I'm going to go on an adventure.
I'm going to go underground and look for
more diamonds and iron. Let's craft some
torches.
Okay, I have 36 torches. I have some
food. Okay, I think I have everything
that I'll need.
It's night time, so let's go to sleep.
And in the morning, we'll go on an
adventure. All right, it's morning.
Day 67. Oh, a zombie that's wearing
golden armor.
Die. Die. Die. Another thing that they
changed in this Minecraft update is how
the baby animals look.
Watch.
Look.
Look at the little baby.
They changed the way the baby chickens
look.
And now the sheep.
Let's breed these sheep.
And let's look at the new baby sheep.
It's eating.
Let's breed these cows.
And let's look at the new baby cow.
There it is.
Now get our carrots
and let's breed some pigs.
And let's look at the baby pig.
And there's a lot of other new baby
creatures that they added in this
update.
Let's get out of here. Open the gate.
Close.
All right. Let's go on an adventure. I'm
going to look for a cave that's nearby.
Let's swim across this water. Swim,
swim. Ooh,
there's an underwater cave.
Let's explore around this jungle.
Ooh, there's a parrot.
The parrots love seeds. Let's give the
seeds to this parrot.
Come here, parrot. Do you want some
seeds?
Oh, there are two birds.
Come here, parrot.
Oh, there we go. We tamed the parrot.
And let's tame this bird, too.
There we go. This bird only took two
seeds to tame.
Okay, we tamed two parrots.
Wait.
Look,
the parrots are on my shoulders.
My parrots.
Tell me what I should name these parrots
in the comments below. The comments with
the most likes will get chosen.
What should I name these parrots?
I'm looking for a cave in this jungle.
The beach.
Wait.
I'm close to home.
I think my house is just this way.
Yep, there's my house. All right, we're
back home. Where are the parrots?
Come here, bird.
Stay here.
Stay.
Okay, now this bird will stay. Where's
the parrot?
Is it on my shoulder?
No.
Oh, there it is.
Stay.
Okay, now these birds will stay here. I
don't want these birds to get killed
because I'm going underground. Now,
let's find a cave. I don't have to worry
about getting lost because I have my
lodestone compass. I love this lodestone
compass. It's my favorite.
Oh, I'm leaving the jungle.
Hold on, let me get my spyglass.
I think that's another village.
Yeah, there's another village over
there. Ooh.
These are firefly bushes. Can I pick
them up using shears?
Yes, I can.
Let's pick up these firefly bushes.
I love fireflies. Whoa, it looks like
there's a huge cave over by the village.
A huge cave.
Look at this.
Let's go down this waterfall.
Oop.
I'll eat a carrot.
I need to be very careful.
I see some coal.
Whoa.
Okay, this place is huge.
I see some redstone.
I see a creeper.
I see some copper.
Let's keep descending.
Okay.
I want that redstone. I'm going to mine
this redstone.
All right, I picked up 13 redstone dust.
There's a zombie. Let's kill this
zombie.
Die.
Die. And I'll place a torch.
Ooh.
A creeper exploded. Another zombie.
Die, zombie. Lots of monsters in this
cave.
Huh! Diamonds!
Okay, let's kill these monsters.
Hopefully those skeletons stay away.
And I'm going to mine these diamonds.
One, two.
Uh-oh.
What?
No.
Okay.
I'm going to wait here for the skeleton.
Die, skeleton.
So many monsters.
Any more diamond here?
Huh!
Die.
I'm going to place torches all around.
Die, skeleton. Die. I've gotten much
better at fighting monsters, especially
the skeletons. All right, we found more
diamonds.
Okay.
I think that's four diamonds in total.
Four diamonds.
Any more?
No.
All right.
Well, that's a great start. We've
already found four diamonds. Here's more
redstone.
I'm almost to level 30.
I just need a little bit more XP. Oh, I
think I see some iron.
I'm going to mine this iron.
Just one piece.
Just one iron. And there's some more
iron.
I'll mine this iron.
Again, just one piece of iron.
Ooh, my diamond pickaxe is almost
broken.
Uh-oh. Oh, there's an Enderman.
Die, Enderman. Die. Die.
Die.
Die. Die.
I killed the Enderman.
The Enderman can't go in
the water.
So, I was safe. Let's keep exploring.
Ooh, more monsters. A zombie and a
skeleton.
Die.
Die, zombie. Die.
And a skeleton with copper armor.
Huh! I see diamonds.
I see diamonds down there.
Die, skeleton.
Diamonds. Wow, look at all these
monsters. I'm going to push these
monsters into the lava.
Die.
Huh.
I pushed the zombie into the lava. All
right.
First, I'll collect this redstone.
Huh!
The zombie took my redstone.
I killed it.
Okay, now let's mine these diamonds.
Hopefully, there's a lot.
Let's see.
One.
Huh!
Two, three.
Okay, there's at least three here.
Any more?
No. Well, we found three more diamonds.
Now we have seven diamonds in total.
I'm swimming up the waterfall.
I'm going up to the surface.
And I'm getting out of this cave.
Place a torch.
That's a skeleton.
Oh,
I was really worried that that skeleton
was going to push me
down there.
I'm going to jump into this waterfall.
Jump.
And
I'll swim upward.
Almost there.
Swim, swim. All right. And we've reached
the surface.
So far we've found some diamonds, but
only two iron. We need to find more iron
so we can build the anvil. Any iron in
this village? Let's look around. More
firefly bushes. Let's pick them up.
Anything in this barrel? Nope.
Anything up here?
Nope.
Oh, a bucket. I'll take the bucket
and the bread
and a bundle.
Oh.
Okay.
So you can put things in the bundle.
More carrots. I'll take some carrots
and I'll eat some.
There's an iron golem.
Should I kill the iron golem for the
iron?
No. No.
I'm not going to kill the iron golem.
Anything in here?
Nope. Anything in here?
A chest
with some leather armor and a saddle.
I'll take the saddle.
Anything in here?
Nope. Okay, I'm going to leave the
village. By the way, if you're enjoying
these videos and if you'd like to
practice speaking English with me
directly, you could book a call with me
on Google Meet or Tencent Meetings by
clicking up here.
I can see some waterfalls
and some lava over there on the
mountain.
Uh-oh, the sun's going down.
Pretty soon there will be monsters
everywhere. It's getting darker.
Is this a cave?
Ooh, let's go down here.
I see some coal.
I need some coal, so I'm going to mine
this coal.
Oh, almost to level 30.
I'm so close.
There we go, level 30.
Okay, when I get back to the house, I'm
going to build a new diamond pickaxe and
I'm going to get a level 30 enchantment
on it.
Let's see, I found 21 coal.
Any iron down here?
Nope, no iron here.
Let's go back up.
Uh-oh,
skeletons and a creeper.
The creeper exploded.
Die.
Oh, the skeletons killed the zombie.
I'm blocking all these skeletons' shots
with my shield.
Uh-oh.
Die.
Oh.
More?
All right.
Wow, look at all those arrows.
Look at all of those arrows. 1 2 3 4 5 6
7 8
9 10 11. There are 11 arrows on the
ground here.
My shield's probably almost broken.
Yeah, all right. I got out of the cave.
Now I'm going to use my compass and I'm
going to head home.
I think those are more firefly bushes.
I'm going to go collect them.
I'll get my shears. Let's pick them up.
Okay, and now I'll run home. I found
eight firefly bushes. I'm running
towards the beach.
Oh.
That skeleton is shooting at me.
But I'm too fast for these skeletons.
I'm too fast for the skeletons.
Uh, there's the jungle.
That means my home is close by.
More firefly bushes.
Two more. So now I have 10.
Okay, we're back to the jungle.
Squids. There are two squids here.
Oh, it started to rain.
I can see my supporters sign.
My yellow supporters sign. And I'm home.
I'm home. Can I go to sleep?
Can I sleep? Yes.
I'm sleeping.
And the rain stopped.
Okay, and there are my birds. My new
birds. Let's go inside and let's see
what we found underground.
We found seven diamonds,
two iron, 58 redstone dust, and most
importantly, we found
10 firefly bushes.
I'm going to plant these firefly bushes.
I'll plant these firefly bushes
around
the barn.
Like this.
There we go.
I planted all the firefly bushes, and
I'm going to end this video right here.
If you're enjoying these videos, you
could make a donation to help support
this channel on my Kofi page by clicking
up here.
Like and subscribe, and I will see you
in the next video.
See you.